Matplotlib Challalnge:

Background
Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specialises in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumours received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumour development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.
The executive team has tasked you with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked you for a top-level summary of the study results.

Skill and method used to present the deliverables:
* Prepare the Data
The datasets are merged into a single DataFrame.
The number of mice are shown from the merged DataFrame.
Each duplicate mice is found based on the Mouse ID and Timepoint.
A clean DataFrame is created with the dropped duplicate mice.
The number of mice are shown from the clean DataFrame.

*Generate Summary Statistics
The mean of the tumour volume for each regimen is calculated using groupby.
The media of the tumour volume for each regimen is calculated using groupby.
The variance of the tumour volume for each regimen is calculated using groupby.
The standard deviation of the tumour volume for each regimen is calculated using groupby.
The SEM of the tumour volume for each regimen is calculated using groupby.
A new DataFrame is created with using the summary statistics.

**Data Visualisation**
*Create Bar Charts and Pie Charts 
A bar plot showing the total number of timepoints for all mice tested for each drug regimen using Pandas is generated. 
A bar plot showing the total number of timepoints for all mice tested for each drug regimen using pyplot is generated.
A pie plot showing the distribution of female versus male mice using Pandas is generated. 
A pie plot showing the distribution of female versus male mice using pyplot is generated. 

** Stastical Analysis**
Calculate Quartiles, Find Outliers, and Create a Box Plot
A DatFrame that has the last timepoint for each mouse ID is created using groupby.
The index of the DataFrame is reset. 
Retrieve the maximum timepoint for each mouse. 
The four treatment groups, Capomulin, Ramicane, Infubinol, and Ceftamin, are put in a list. 
An empty list is created to fill with tumour volume data. 
A for loop is used to display the interquartile range (IQR) and the outliers for each treatment group 
A box plot is generated that shows the distribution of the final tumour volume for all the mice in each treatment group. 
Create a Line Plot and a Scatter Plot 
A line plot is generated that shows the tumour volume vs. time point for one mouse treated with Capomulin. 
A scatter plot is generated that shows average tumour volume vs. mouse weight for the Capomulin regimen. 
Calculate Correlation and Regression 
The correlation coefficient and linear regression model are calculated for mouse weight and average tumour volume for the Capomulin regimen.

Reffrences:
stack overflow - for code guidence
matplotlib.org - for examples and user guide
chat GPT for code correction
Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.
